hello fund and today I am going you're
so lucky I'm going to show a movie star
wars kringles I'm very fun and there
will be lots of episodes of it there's a
lot going to put the whole movie on
going to be little trips okay so anyone
just starting okay this down Hank tired
we'll be fine okay to me
ok
sorry cuz
the galaxy the Clone Wars friend
in with the wicked come little more and
more planets sleep
against miss drink upon the Jedi Knights
Falls the duty to lead the newly formed
Army of the Republic war grows so too
close the promise of one most gifted
student of the force
the banking clan has have a huge
factories on you list building huge
droid armies and massive warships we
must act quickly agree but who to send
Master Windu still fight son 10-3 lead
the assault Master obi-wan Kang my army
is ready Chancellor we can leave
immediately Pierce and young Skywalker
as well I suggest that we give him
special command of your space forces his
exceptional skill will be quite useful
gentle I feel that Padawan Anakin is not
yet ready for self responsibility to
with his master a Padawans places but
undeniably strong he has become perhaps
where it is deciding
identity domestic white gold
for this
dark troopers you have been selected for
this task because you are the best the
elite you all know what to do the
success of your mission is our key to a
swift victory when you get into position
send word as planned then i will join
Master I know you don't think I'm ready
perform and of my own but I am the best
higher than the order Chancellor
Palpatine knows it I don't know why you
can't stand along your skills have never
been in question it is your maturity
I've argued this before but the decision
has been made may the force be with you
commander
to me